Saito is cryptocurrency for big-data applications.

Out goal is supporting a decentralized set of competitors to Gmail, Twitter, Facebook and other centralized 
social media platforms, all running on an open-access blockchain that makes censorship of free-speech 
impossible (or prohibitively expensive) to maintain.

This implies the need for a terabyte-level blockchain, something we achieve by combining a transient blockchain 
with a new security method (proof-of-transactions) that rewards nodes in the peer-to-per ntework for spending 
bandwidth and computer power to propagate transactions throughout the network.

Saito is programmed in NodeJS.

* INSTALLATION *

To install a local-only node that bootstraps its own blockchain, download Saito, go to the lib/ directory, and 
type:

node start.js

You can connect to this instance by pointing your web browser to:

http://localhost:12100

Most of the user-driven functionality is coded in optional modules that extend the main application. A good way
to get familiar with Saito and find out why and how it works is by looking at the modules/mods.js file. Existing 
modules can act as simple tutorials on how to code your own applications.

If you wish to connect to the existing network, edit the file "options" to specify the domains name (or IP 
address) of a peer on the Saito network (i.e. saito.tech:12100). If you are running your node on a server with 
an identifiable domain name, you should provide that domain name in the "server" instance. This is used by the 
server Saito starts to tell remote applications how to connect to it. You can see a sample of the options file
fed out to remote nodes at:

lib/saito/web/client.options

This file will be auto-generated by Saito to ensure that the nodes it provides connection for can find it
online. If you wish to connect to another Domain or Archiving server, you should provide that information in 
your options file as well. Again, look at the client.options file for an example of what this should look like.


